my name is catherine black
you may think that i'm a materialistic
narcissistic self-absorbed misdemeanor
i don't deny it i'm a hedge fund manager
i'm addicted to fashion
the accumulation of money exercise and
sex my life is incredible
hi i have an appointment about running
the room
nice digs you got a classic mustang
your lift every single day
i had a soft spot for him who knew
i hadn't felt a soft spot for anything
since i was six
very sexy
don't get carried away keep your focus
on the task at hand how did i not see it
coming
you thieving little twit
oh i have to pull myself together i
think i'm going to disembowel this kid
and kill
you got him car i'm taking the car back
i think i really like this girl
[Music]
i really think we can make this work
you stole from me you're crazy
[Music]
that really escalated
i'm madly in love with you i really
appreciate that
there's no need to escalate this to the
point of no return that's subjective
sweetheart
[Music]
maybe we should get married
you